
For this homework, you will create a set of personal web pages under your public_html directory on afs account. In order
for me to grade this assignment, I must be able to view your web pages from a browser. It might be a good idea to have
someone else look at your website before completion of this project to make sure it is accessible.
(2pts) After building the pages based on the assignment below, please upload to Moodle the following content:
 A document file (file format can be Word, PDF, txt) that contains the absolute path and URL for your homepage
 Any files (textual or image) you’ve created to produce your web page(s). For example, the index.html file.
1. (24pts) Create a personal web page.
As a minimum, the page must:
a. be on the NJIT web server
b. contain a title
c. contain at least two paragraphs about yourself (don’t make it too personal. Remember these are public
sites. Don’t publish birth dates, home addresses, etc.)
d. contain at least one external link to a useful website
e. contain at least one image
EXTRA CREDIT (15pts): research HTML elements and a separate webpage that contains a bullet list of 5
practices you should do when creating a webpage and a second list of 5 bullets that you should avoid. Create
a CSS file containing a different set of headers, paragraphs, fonts, color, etc. Use this ccs file to modify these
two lists. (Note, none of the information on this second page or the link to it can be counted for the
requirements listed in a. through e.)
Make sure you add a link back to your home page.
You may, if you wish, use the web page template posted on the class web page as a basis for your page. You
must change all of the information – the contents of the title, the paragraphs, the link, and the image must be
different.
2. (24pts) Find a bad webpage. On the webpage you created in part 1, in Q1 webpage, provide a link to a new web
page (Q2) that you will create, and add another link pointing to the bad site. In Q2 webpage, list 10 reasons as to
why the site is bad. (Hint: a good place to start is http://www.webpagesthatsuck.com/).
Don’t forget to add a link back to the Home Page.
The layout for this would look something like the following diagram.
 Q1, Q2, and Extra Credit are web pages that would be found in your public_html directory.
 The arrows indicate absolute or relative hyperlinks.
 Exterior Site and Bad Web Site are 2 different URLs
